GORDON
 Albert?
 The congressman's dilemma. All right, you all can go get to work on this. And, Tammy, you stay and show me and Albert what you found in New York. Thank you all.
 What the hell? 
 What? 
 Albert. 
 This is Cole. Yes, I'll hold.
 What? 
 Yes, I hear you. What? Where? Are you sure it's him? What do you mean "trouble"? All right, we'll be out there first thing tomorrow morning. Set up an interview for nine o'clock sharp. Albert, we're headed for the Black Hills of South Dakota.
 As happy as this news makes us, Albert, we can't put this on the radio.
  It's good you want to hurry. We fly at dawn, and, Tammy, you're coming with us. 
  Where is she? 
 Okay, Bill. How's Martha? 
 She ever fix that thing with Paul? 
 Well, there you go.
 Thank you, Bill.
 Denise.
 It's Cooper. We found him.
 South Dakota, Denise. He's in a federal prison in South Dakota. We're going out to see him tomorrow.
 Yes? How's that? 
 Yes.
 What are you getting at, Denise? 
 I'm old-school, Denise. You know that. Before you were Denise, when you were Dennis and I was your boss, when I had you working undercover at the DEA, you were a confused and wild thing sometimes. I had enough dirt on you to fill the Grand Canyon, and I never used a spoonful because you were and are a great agent. And when you became Denise, I told all of your colleagues, those clown comics, to fix their hearts or die.
 Agent Tammy Preston has the stuff, Denise.
 It is thrilling, Denise.
 There's room in this Federal Bureau of Investigation for more than one beautiful woman.
 Big.
 Do birds fly? 
 Ten-four, good buddy. Thank you, Bill.
 Thank you for meeting us. Let's get going.
 We're not anywhere near Mount Rushmore.
 There they are, Albert faces of stone.
 Albert we're in South Dakota. Cossacks are in Russia.
 Up on the wrong side of bed this morning, Albert? 
 What have we got? 
 Huh.
 Apologies in advance for Albert.
 Holy jumpin' George. Let's go talk to him.
 Ladies and gentlemen, I am going to speak now to Special Agent Dale Cooper.
 Thank you, Warden Murphy.
 It's very, very good to see you again, old friend. 
 No, you haven't. This is true.
 Yes, Coop. I, too, have missed our good times together. Where have you been all these years? 
 Phillip Jeffries? 
 Yes, Coop. This is how and why we found you.
 What messages were those, Coop? 
 Coop, these fine fellows here have sufficient cause to hold you for now.
 Very good, Coop. And rest assured that we are working to bring you back home for our talk.
 See you soon, old friend.
 I assume you haven't given him his phone call.
 Warden Murphy, I suggest you give him his private phone call, and I expect to hear all about it.
 You're wearing a wire, Tammy.
 Right. Go wait in the restaurant.
 Albert, your reaction in prison to Cooper, I've not seen this before. Is there something you'd like to tell me? 
 Cooper and Phillip? What the hell? Phillip Jeffries has been off the radar for years.
 He did, did he? 
 Did you talk to Cooper? 
 What information did they want? 
 And? 
 Albert. Albert. Albert. 
 This business that we witnessed today with Cooper, I don't like it.
 Something's wrong.
 It could be the accident, but I don't think so.
 Albert, that sound you just made of your feet on the concrete, it's like a knife in my brain.
 Albert, this thing is turned up to the max. Please.
 I don't think he greeted me properly, if you take my meaning.
 Something is very wrong.
 Albert, I hate to admit this, but I don't understand this situation at all.
 Do you understand this situation, Albert? 
 It doesn't get any bluer. Albert, before we do anything else, we need one certain person to take a look at Cooper.
 Do you still know where she lives? 
 Thank you, Albert. And let me remind you that this work you are doing tonight is very, very important. And I will be thinking of you as I drink this 
 Thank you, sweetheart. Fine Bordeaux.
   
 Yes? Come in. How did it go? 
 Oh.
 This is not good news, Albert. She needs to see him.
 But you'll go with me? 
 What? 
 Please.
 FBI, champ. Friends of Diane.
 Now, take it easy, Diane, and let's just sit down and have a nice, simple chat. You got any coffee? 
 Ah, the memory of tobacco. But I gave it up.
 Now that we got the pleasantries out of the way.
 Diane, your former boss and former Special Agent Dale Cooper is in a federal lockup in South Dakota.
 Diane, this may require a slight change of attitude on your part.
 Tough cookie. Always was. Thank you, Diane. Damn good coffee.
 This is extremely important, Diane, and it involves something that you know about, and that's enough said about that.
 YREV, the backwards word.
 Tammy, you've been doing excellent work, passing one test after another. Put out your hands. Flip 'em over. "I'm very, very happy to see you again, old friend." This is the spiritual mound, the spiritual finger. You think about that, Tammy.
 The man we met in prison.
 That's exactly the way it's gonna be, Diane. You'll control the curtain and the microphone.
 Thank you, Warden Murphy.
 Looks like it. Hold this man till you hear from us. Diane? 
 Please tell me exactly what you mean.
 That's good enough for me, Diane. That's good enough for me.
 That last night you mentioned in there Something I need to know about? 
 Okay.
 Thank you, Tammy.
 What? 
 Hello? Colonel? What have you got? I don't appreciate your language one bit, Colonel. Oh, a place. Buckhorn. Buckhorn, South Dakota. West South Dakota. Well, by golly, we're over east South Dakota right now. Take this down. Hold on. Capital K, small N, small O, small X, Knox. Lieutenant Knox. Buckhorn Police Department. All right. Thank you, Colonel.
 Rather than return directly to Philadelphia, would you mind if we made a short trip to Buckhorn, South Dakota? It's quite important.
 This is important, and it could be of interest to you, Diane. An old case involving a man Agent Cooper once knew.
 Yes.
 Coming up. Got to talk to the pilot first. There's been a change of plan. We're going over to Buckhorn, South Dakota.
 Good.
 Warden Murphy? 
 What? How the hell did that happen? Cooper flew the coop.
 The waiting room.
 Ah. Lieutenant Knox.
 Macklay. Diane.
 Apologies in advance for Albert.
 Albert. Let's think out loud.
 Well, consider this. Cooper knew Briggs. Cooper was around Briggs 25 years ago, and now, Cooper shows up in this neck of the woods.
 Right.
 We need to speak with this William Hastings.
 We came out to join you, Diane, while Albert's indisposed.
 Whoa. We used to smoke together, way back when. You remember? 
 Thanks, Diane.
 Tammy.
  Albert and the lady from the morgue.
 Sweet.
 Come on.
 Albert. Come on in.
 Mexico? Did she respond? 
 I felt it when she hugged me, but this confirms it.
 Keep her close.
  Damn. Tammy.
 Come on in.
 Yes? 
 Dale! This is something. This is really something.
 Tammy? 
 You go work with Hastings. Find out exactly where he went.
 I see it.
 Think there's one in there, Albert? 
 You cover us, Tammy.
 We sure did, Albert.
 You got a picture of it? 
 What the hell happened, Macklay? He's dead.
 Cat on a hot tin roof. It's never done that before.
 Coffee? I would like some coffee.
 Yes. The picture you took of Ruth. I would like to see it, Albert.
 Smoke? Ask Macklay when he gets back.
 What place do those coordinates represent? 
 Ah. The policeman's dream. Thank you, Detective Macklay.
 We saw somebody, Albert and I, out back, out back where we found Ruth Davenport's body.
 Now I remember. I saw them in a room. I saw the bearded men, the same type Albert and I saw. Dirty, bearded men in a room.
 No, you'll be the one to tell her.
 Here's to the bureau.
 Albert.
 Please speak succinctly, and do not make any loud, sharp noises.
 Cheers.
 To Tammy and the Blue Rose.
 Diane's on her way.
 Have a seat, Diane.
 On a temporary basis, because we really need your help.
  
 The trap was set. They waited till after midnight, and then, 75 strong, they came up over the mountain, sirens wailing, guns drawn 
 Albert.
 Sweetheart, would you excuse us for a moment? I'll call you in the bar.
 Tres chic.
 It's a good one. Call you at the bar. She's here visiting a friend of her mother whose daughter has gone missing. The mother owns a turnip farm. I told her to tell the mother that her daughter will turn up eventually. She didn't get it either. Being French, it doesn't translate. Do you realize, Albert, that there are more than 6,000 languages spoken on Earth today? What is it, Albert? 
 What do we know that we haven't asked her about? We'll figure it out. But for now, I'd really like to get back to this fine Bordeaux.
 11:05. Albert sometimes I really worry about you.
 Is that you, Lucy? 
 You've been there all through the years, Lucy? 
 Yes, Lucy. I'm returning his call.
 It's Gordon Cole, Harry, returning your call.
 Where's Harry? 
 I'm sorry to hear that.
 What've you got for me, Frank? 
 Thank you very much, Frank. Although I can't comment on this information, I want you to know I really appreciate it.
 And all the best to you and all the best to Harry.
 Coffee time. Albert, think I've got it. 
 And Diane's on her way.
  
 Come on in, Diane.
 Make yourself at home.
 Enjoy some coffee.
 Diane, that last night you saw Cooper did he, by any chance, mention Major Garland Briggs? 
 I understand. All I want to know is, did he mention Major Briggs? 
 Albert.
 What is it? 
 When did you last speak with her? 
 Tammy, get the Las Vegas office on the line.
 I want everything you've got or could find on a Mr. and Mrs. Douglas Jones of your fair city. These people are wanted in connection with a double murder and may be armed and dangerous. Put caution in the shotgun seat.
 High priority. Get back to me. Your man has my info.
 Thank you, Diane.
 Before I came up, I was on the phone with Sheriff Truman in Twin Peaks. He told me they are onto something from Laura Palmer's diary indicating two Coopers. And last night, I had another Monica Bellucci dream.
 I was in Paris on a case. Monica called and asked me to meet her at a certain cafe. She said she needed to talk to me.
 When we met at the cafe, Cooper was there, but I couldn't see his face. Monica was very pleasant. She had brought friends. We all had a coffee.
 And then she said the ancient phrase 
  "We are like the dreamer who dreams and then lives inside the dream." I told her I understood. And then she said 
 "But who is the dreamer?" A very powerful uneasy feeling came over me. Monica looked past me and indicated to me to look back at something that was happening there. I turned and looked. I saw myself. I saw myself from long ago, in the old Philadelphia offices, listening to Cooper telling me he was worried about a dream he had.
 And that was the day Phillip Jeffries appeared 
 and didn't appear. Phillip? Is that you? 
 Cooper, meet the long-lost Phillip Jeffries. You may have heard of him from the academy. And while Jeffries was apparently there, he raised his arm and pointed at Cooper and asked me 
 Damn! I hadn't remembered that. Now, this is really something interesting to think about.
 Come in, Diane.
 Sheriff's station? 
 I couldn't do it, Albert. I couldn't do it.
 What? 
 Not where it counts, buddy. Here's to the Bureau.
 Now listen to me. For 25 years, I've kept something from you, Albert. Before he disappeared, Major Briggs shared with me and Cooper his discovery of an entity, an extreme negative force called in olden times "Jowday." Over time, it's become "Judy." Major Briggs, Cooper, and I put together a plan that could lead us to Judy. And then something happened to Major Briggs, and something happened to Cooper. Phillip Jeffries, who doesn't really exist anymore, at least not in the normal sense, told me a long time ago he was onto this entity, and he disappeared. Now, the last thing Cooper told me was "If I disappear like the others, do everything you can to find me. I'm trying to kill two birds with one stone." And now this thing of two Coopers. And recently, a paid informant named Ray Monroe sent a cryptic message indicating that the Cooper we met at prison is looking for coordinates, coordinates from a certain Major Briggs. This plan, Albert, I couldn't tell you about, and I'm sorry.
 I know you understand, Albert, yet I'm still sorry. And I don't know at all if this plan is unfolding properly 'cause we should have heard by now from our dear Dale Cooper.
 This is Cole.
 What the hell does that mean, Headley? 
 Yes, it is.
 What's that?  What's that? 
 Well, give it to me.
 Yes, you are.
 And what is your name, sir? 
 Thank you, Mr. Mullins. Thank you very much. And that makes two of us.
  Dougie is Cooper? How the hell is this? 
 A Blue Rose case, most definitely.
 Pack it up! I know where he's going.
 Coop.
 Coop! 
 Be thinking of you, Coop.
