ALBERT
He's been officially accused now of brutally murdering his wife. He claims he's innocent and knows who did it, but can't say because it would breach national security. However he got word to Chris here that these items, which he placed in his garden in Georgetown, are the clues to the identity of the killer.
Forensics? 
Is it him? 
Is it him? 
The Black Hills? Seriously? 
Perfect. I've been dying to see Mount Rushmore.
The absurd mystery of the strange forces of existence. How about a truckload full of Valium? 
I brought a picture for you.
Agent Preston gets carsick.
Carsick! 
Must have eaten locally.
What, no cheese and crackers? 
I'm fine, Tammy.
He's a former FBI agent.
I'm feeling better now.
Well, since you asked, and I can't tell you how sorry I am about this I authorized Phillip to give Cooper some information.
This was years ago, Gordon. He called me.
I know. I thought Cooper was in trouble At least that's what Phillip said. "Urgent," he said. Cooper needed this information urgently.
No.
I told Phillip who our man was in Columbia.
A week later, that man was killed.
No.
Yes.
No. 
I'm sorry, Gordon.
I'm sorry, Gordon.
No, he didn't.
Yes.
No.
Blue Rose.
I'm right with you.
I know where she drinks.
You have a super night too, Gordon. I don't know when I'm gonna get home.
Yes, I love a night on the town when it's 34 degrees and raining. 
Fuck Gene Kelly, you motherfucker! 
Diane.
Not well. I said, "Hello, Diane." She said, "This is about Cooper, isn't it?" I said, "Maybe." She said, and I quote, "No fucking way." 
I was at home, dripping wet, on the verge of pneumonia 15 minutes later. How was your evening, Chief? 
Your turn.
Say "please." 
You heard me.
Now you're getting the personal treatment.
I never even got this far.
We have a feeling something is wrong. We don't know exactly what it is, but we need someone else who knows him extremely well to have a talk with him and afterwards tell us what you think.
Judge not, lest ye be judged. Listen, just the fact that you're here speaks louder than words.
Maybe.
This code mark's on the wrong side.
That some Cro-Magnon at the prison tried to line this up to make it look like the original, but he had to reverse the print to do it.
That's the only known photograph we have of Cooper in the last 25 years. That's outside of Rio His house.
I know. I know. "Fuck you, Albert." 
They're right behind us.
What happens in season two? 
This from the principal of your local high school.
When did he lose his marbles? 
About one week ago, Hastings ended his blog entry with this cryptic sentence: "Today we finally entered what we call the Zone, and we met the Major." This is the body of a man in his 40s.
Major Briggs would have been 72. As you know, we thought he died in a fire in that government facility outside Twin Peaks 25 years ago. About the age this man is now.
On the loose in this neck of the woods.
Fruitcake, anyone? 
Diane received this text on her phone at 11:13 this morning. "Around the dinner table, the conversation is lively." Now, that came in after Cooper escaped. It pinged off a cell tower in Philly, so at first, I thought it was one of her boyfriends Seems she has a stable of male suitors But Tammy traced this one back from there to a server in Mexico.
She sent the following heavily encrypted message: "They have Hastings. He's going to take them to the site." Doesn't sound like boyfriend talk.
What should we do? 
Gordon.
We'll soon find out.
Well, I guess we found out.
Gordon.
Ruth Davenport, I presume.
Looks like coordinates are written on her arm.
Yeah.
We're supposed to get some coffee, but I don't think that's a good idea.
Maybe some warm milk. For the cat. On the roof? 
But smoking's bad for you. I know. "Fuck you, Albert." 
Well, the last few digits are smudged, but the numbers indicate a small town in the north 
I don't suppose you found Major Briggs' head anywhere.
A bullet didn't do that to Hastings.
He looked like a homeless man, uh old clothes, beard, wool cap.
Thank God Gordon stocks the plane from his own wine cellar.
Ignore the strange man.
To the bureau.
Gordon.
Okay, here's what you need to know.
In 1970, the United States Air Force shut down Project Blue Book, their 20-year investigation into UFOs. They concluded that no credible evidence existed and therefore they posed no threat to national security. In other words, a massive cover-up. Cheers.
A few years later, the military and FBI formed a top secret task force to explore the troubling abstractions raised by cases Blue Book failed to resolve. We called it the Blue Rose after a phrase uttered by a woman in one of these cases just before she died which suggested these answers could not be reached except by an alternate path we've been traveling ever since. Gordon suggested an agent by the name of Phillip Jeffries to head the squad. He soon recruited three others: myself, Chet Desmond, and Dale Cooper. Perhaps you haven't failed to notice that I'm the only one of that group who hasn't disappeared without explanation, which has led to a certain reluctance on Gordon's part to bring new blood into the fold until tonight. Agent Preston, you've been on our radar since you made the honors list at George Washington High, not to mention the dean's list at MIT and top of your class at Quantico.
Yep.
I'll brief you in detail in the morning.
The Blue Rose.
Care for a drink? 
Well, you're in luck. The Dakotas are still in the Ice Age.
Diane, we know your work with Agent Cooper has given you more than a passing insight into the Blue Rose. Even though you're no longer a part of the bureau, we'd like to deputize you.
Some cash. Not much. Maybe the satisfaction of learning what happened to your friend Cooper.
Gordon, would you please ask your friend to wait downstairs? 
Incoming to Diane: "Las Vegas?" Outgoing: "They haven't asked yet." 
What kind is it? 
Tammy. Case number one. This started the whole thing. Nineteen seventy-five. Two young field agents investigate a murder in Olympia, Washington. They arrive at a motel to arrest a suspect named Lois Duffy. They hear a gunshot outside her room and kick the door in. They find two women inside, one on the floor dying from a bullet wound to the abdomen. The other holds a gun, which she drops as she backs away when they enter. They recognize the wounded woman as Lois Duffy. She speaks her last words to them: "I'm like the blue rose." She smiles, then dies, then disappears before their eyes. The other woman screaming in the corner, they now notice is also Lois Duffy.
By the way, Lois Duffy did not have a twin sister. Then while awaiting trial for a murder she swore she didn't commit, this Lois hangs herself. Those two arresting officers were Gordon Cole and Phillip Jeffries. Now, what's the one question you should ask me? 
And the answer? 
Good.
Diane, as you know, we've been investigating an old case of Cooper's involving Major Briggs. Briggs died in a fire at his government facility 25 years ago.
We thought. Turns out he died a few days ago here in Buckhorn, and we found this in his stomach. The ring was inscribed: "To Dougie with love, Janey-E." 
Where do they live? 
Oh, boy.
Yes. I'm beginning to remember that too.
You want a drink? 
You okay, Gordon? 
You've gone soft in your old age.
I said, "You've gone soft in your old age." 
To the Bureau.
I understand.
Has my watch stopped, or is that one of the Marx Brothers? 
 He's been spotted in the company of two organized-crime figures.
That's strange, even for Cooper.
