LUCY
Which one? Which one? 
Well, do you know which one? It could make a difference.
One is sick, and the other one is fishing. 
It could make a difference.
I'm not sure I will be able to help you.
Thank you. I'll keep the card, but unless 
Deputy Hawk, Margaret Lanterman's on line one. It's the line with the light that's blinking.
But Agent Cooper is missing. And he hasn't been seen or heard from since before Wally was born, and Wally's 24 years old.
Andy wanted to name him Marlon. And we haven't even gotten a Christmas card from Agent Cooper.
Okay, Deputy Chief Hawk.
But if it is here then it isn't missing? 
You're an Indian.
Aah! 
Aah! 
I know what's missing! 
The bunny! The bunny. I ate that bunny! 
I know! I never did it again. And I only ate one. And I never did it again. But I had a problem at that time with And I don't like to say this in front of Andy. But I had a bubble of gas. And I had read that sometimes chocolate, which I love, can be used as a remedy, maybe by indigenous people. Is that true, Hawk? Do you use chocolate as a remedy for gas? 

Well, it has to do with the thermostat. It doesn't actually tell you what's going on when no one's here. Uh, mostly, we don't have prisoners, but even if we did, they couldn't even see the thermostat. So I had a man out here recently to look at the furnace, and, Sheriff Truman, he wouldn't answer any of my questions about what happens when no one's here. We come in early, and the heat is still on. What if we came in even earlier? Would the heat still be on then? Are you next to a loud stream, Sheriff Truman? You're breaking up. Are you still fishing? Are you next to a really loud stream? You're breaking up, Sheriff. Well, I-I hope we can get this sorted out when you get back to the office, but right now, it's very comfortable in here. I have to go, Sheriff Truman, because there are some people coming in through the front door. 
How is this possible? 
But you're in the mountains fishing! 
I don't understand it either, Andy.
I'm feeling a bit better now, Sheriff Truman.
That's on account of a kind of gum.
Oh! 
Oh! Ooh! Oh. Sheriff Truman, look who's here! 
Oh. That's such beautiful news, Wally. Tell us where you've been, Wally.
Sheriff Truman? Your wife is here. She went to your office, and you weren't there. I could have told her that.
She is now walking to Deputy Chief Hawk's office, where you are.

Andy, I really love the beige chair.
And I really love the beige chair, Andy.

Sheriff Truman, I'm not here. I'm on my lunch break.

What are you doing up here, Chad? 
Well 
That depends on what time it is. I mean, sometimes there's not even enough time to think of anything. One time, Andy was even thinking that the clock had stopped, and then we realized that we didn't even know what time it was. It seemed like forever. When 
But he'll bring it in.
I don't know why I'm even thinking about furniture. Andy and I hardly ever get home.
Margaret Lanterman for you on line two, Hawk. That's the one that's blinking when I hang up.
Twin Peaks Sheriff's Station.
Director Cole.
Well, actually, I have gone home, and Andy and I have taken some vacations. One year, we went to Bora-Bora.
Okay, I'll connect you! 
Sheriff Truman? FBI Director Gordon Cole is on line one. That's the blinking one, the one that's blinking right now.
I hope these pajamas are okay. They've been in my locker since the time that dog got lost in here.
Do you remember that night, Andy? 
Deputy Hawk? Deputy Hawk? Margaret Lanterman's on line one.
The Log Lady's dead? 
Agent Cooper! 
We were just talking about you.
Andy? 
Twin Peaks Sheriff's Station. This is Lucy speaking. Who? 
Sheriff Truman? 
There's a phone call for you on line two, the blinking light.
It's a very important phone call, Sheriff.

Andy I understand cellular phones now.
